hey guys this is Charlie again at the
cave songwriting studio I wanted to walk
you through real quick what I use live
with my acoustic I'm playing a
Fortenberry
it's a custom-built fortenberry it's
made by Jeff Fortenberry who is a local
luthier here in Cincinnati and he built
a great guitar for me with you know out
of cocobolo it's a beautiful wood and
he's done a ton of stuff including the
spalted maple rosette the tree inlay
here curly maple binding even cut an
armrest in and let me design the cutaway
so it didn't look exactly like a
Florentine or a Venetian cut but he's
just does great work but we spent a ton
of time on the pickup system so I wanted
to show you that basically when I'm
playing through a PA with a band it's
just hard to get guitar sound decent and
this by far is the best setup that I've
ever used so I just thought I'd walk you
through it first of all I use them this
KK preamp box which has this input for
gain bass mid and trouble so when you
plug in with a stereo cable it actually
splits the signal and sends it out to
different inputs and that sends it out
to this box here which is the radial
tone bone peasy pre but the cool thing
is I'm able to set EQ for bass mid and
trouble and gain for e2 the pickups the
three attachments that are on the inside
of the body and then the one that's on
the on the bridge which is that Paizo
pickup once it comes in here then
there's a little dip switch on the side
of this peasy pre right about there that
allows this to stay on and actually have
both both inputs running simultaneously
so now I'm able to use line level one
line level two a notch filter sweepable
mid which is really nice a low and then
of course the boost which I'll explain
in a second I'm also able to use a
low-cut which is right here
a notch filter and then the footswitch
piece is kind of cool because you can
set it to basically use both boost and
loop or just boost which is where this
comes in here or in this case I use it
as a loop which comes out to just two
real inexpensive TC Electronics kind of
a delay looper and a reverb which just
if I'm playing someplace that I don't
want to rely on front-of-house for
everything then I can just step on that
and it puts it in the chain and I can
step on it again and it takes it out of
the chain which is pretty cool the box
is great it's got a loop send in return
it also has which is great if you're
running like with an inner ear system or
Navion it has an out pre EQ and also a
ground left of course and then a post EQ
so what I'll do is I'll send the pre EQ
to front house and I'll send the post EQ
to say my digital snake which sends me
an EQ signal of my guitar to my to my
ears it's got a tuner out so you're not
running through your tuner at all and I
just have a real inexpensive pitch black
and but then I also have these two boss
FS 5u pedals which I have quarter-inch
coming out and I've had my friend Kevin
just solder a couple of eighth inches to
them and it goes into this air turn here
which is hook to this iPad which I hope
you guys can see but it's pretty easy to
set up you just and I'm using the music
stand app so I will hit settings here
and they get you get this little memo
here and on that window it's asking you
what pedal do you want to use for
forward so I'll just go up here and I'll
type this I'll push this and it
registers that kicks over to what pedal
do i when you use to page back I hit
that pedal it paid pages back I save my
changes and now when I do this I
actually get sheet music that changes
for me or lead sheets that changes for
me and it doesn't wirelessly so I'm not
connected to anything and the cool thing
is I can just throw this on a little
what's called an X clip and it works
great so if I want to load up every song
I ever know in a PDF it's great I can do
that but that's pretty much what I use
it's pretty easy this radial di is just
outstanding stuff and the K and K pickup
system that I have here works really
well and I'll try to play you a clip of
just the pickup without all the stuff as
kind of like a backdrop on when I throw
this on YouTube so you get to hear what
it sounds like so that's it that is
that's my rig and that's the guitar and
some stuff that I hope to get tracked
free pretty soon too so thanks for
watching guys take care